The first "postup =" of the selection is what i currently have and intend to use in the final version of the script that we are working on. The second "postup =" is what someone suggested should be used to optimize performance by adding in the conntrack and ctstate rules. Could you explain what those additional rules actually do, and if it makes sense for me to add them? Are there any increased security risks that would be introduced by using the new rule vs using what I had before? Remember, like what it says in the context files of the /context/ directory, the main use of the wireguard interface that this entire script is being designed around is to run game servers using the Pterodactyl panel game server manager, and also run any related services, but privacy is key. Random unknown outside internet users will be ultimately connecting to the wireguard client (homeserver) through the wireguard tunnel through the wireguard server hosted on the VPS, and should only ever have access to and be able to determine the IP address of the VPS that the wireguard server is running on which the client is connected to. So the layout is: outside users connect to/utilize the static public IP address of the VPS server which the wireguard server is hosted on, the requests and traffic generated by the outside user are tunneled through the wireguard tunnel to the wireguard client (homeserver) where the content and game servers and services are actually hosted, then the traffic is allowed inbound and outbound from the wireguard client (homeserver), tunneled back through the wireguard tunnel back to the VPS, and then back out to the outside user. To the outside user, they should only ever be able to see the information like the IP address of the VPS that the wireguard server is hosted on, and never should be able to see any information like the IP address or location of the client machine (homeserver) that the services are actually hosted on. On the client machine (homeserver) it is very important to the game servers and other services that the real IP addresses of the outside users are visible to the services hosted on the client machine (homeserver), so the real IP addresses of the outside user should always be passed through the tunnel to the client machine (homeserver). To the outside user, it should always look like all the traffic is coming from/going to the VPS and only the VPS, so they should realistically never even be aware that wireguard is playing a part in anything. It should basically appear to the outside user that all the game servers and other services are hosted on the VPS, but in reality they are being hosted on the client machine (homeserver). Low latency and high networking performance is key to this setup, so these things should be prioratized, and the wireguard config on the server and the client should reflect settings and configuration that prioritizes the performance and low latency of the wireguard tunnel connecting them together.