Alright, this is going to be a decently long message, but I want you to try to remember as much about it as you can, because this is going to be basically the entire project laid out in front of you. On my home server, there is going to be a combination of VM's and LXC's (guests) managed and hosted by Proxmox. On the home server on a base OS Ubuntu 24.04 LTS VM, we are going to be making game servers, which i think will end up being a majority of Rust servers and maybe a few random game servers for me and my friends, using the Pterodactyl game server manager, which the entire VM and all traffic in and out of it will be tunneled through wireguard to the VPS. None of this is actually setup yet, other than the VM is already created but nothing has been installed or configured yet. The game server VM will be called "Client 1" in relation to the wireguard configs. It will also be referenced as the "Pterodactyl VM" in our conversations. The game server VM also is going to be using a root DNS domain name of "fair-shot.net", owned by me and hosted by Cloudflare. This game server VM is going to be frequently accessed by random outside internet users connecting to game servers. There is going to be an LXC (not a vm technically but it kind of is) also running the base OS of Ubuntu 24.04 LTS. This LXC is going to be running Portainer as a docker container manager. Portainer on this LXC is going to be hosting various services that I want to expose to the general public, which may be used by friends and family, along with random outside internet users. This LXC will also have all of its inbound and outbound traffic tunneled through wireguard. One of the main services that I plan on hosting through portainer will be SeaFile, which will be essentially a backup and file storage service that will be used by friends, family, and myself. This LXC is going to be referred to as the "Portainer LXC" in our conversations, and also referred to as "Client 2" for wireguard configs. The LXC is also going to be using the root DNS domain name of "bushservices.net" for nearly all of its services, but that domain name may be changing in the near future, I haven't decided on that yet. For both the portainer LXC and Pterodactyl VM, it is imperative that all traffic for each respective VM and LXC and all of their services be tunneled through wireguard, hiding the IP address of the home server, and making all services on each accessible through the wireguard VPS IP address. Speaking of that, the final piece of the project is going to be the "Wireguard VPS" which is the Hetzner VPS I have purchased that is going to be solely acting as the wireguard server that the clients are going to connect to. Which brings us to the python script we have been working on. Its purpose is going to be to easily add, remove, and just generally manage the many ports that are going to have to be frequently added, removed and modified for all the various services, like Portainer, Pterodactyl, and SeaFile. The python script is going to be used mainly on the wireguard VPS since that is where most of the port forwarding to the respective clients is going to be happening. That script is not yet complete, as I plan on adding the ability that once ports are added and removed using the script, they will also be dynamically added and removed from the firewall of the VPS, all using the script. This is all to make the ports adding and removing very easy and seamless with the whole system, where once a port is added or removed using the script, the ports are added correctly and applied to the respective wireguard config file, and then also added to the firewall rules allowing or disallowing inbound and outbound traffic from that port on the VPS. If a script like this will be useful on the clients, I also plan on making or modifying the existing script to work on those as well.